moreover he made a bronze altar 20
moreover he made a bronze altar 20 cubits was its length 20 cubits its
cubits was its length 20 cubits its
cubits was its length 20 cubits its width and 10 cubits its height then he
width and 10 cubits its height then he
width and 10 cubits its height then he made the see of cast bronze 10 cubits
made the see of cast bronze 10 cubits
made the see of cast bronze 10 cubits from one brim to the other
from one brim to the other
from one brim to the other it was completely round its height was 5
it was completely round its height was 5
it was completely round its height was 5 cubits and a line of 30 cubits measured
cubits and a line of 30 cubits measured
cubits and a line of 30 cubits measured its circumference and under it was the
its circumference and under it was the
its circumference and under it was the likeness of oxen encircling it all
likeness of oxen encircling it all
likeness of oxen encircling it all around tend to a cubit all the way
around tend to a cubit all the way
around tend to a cubit all the way around the sea the oxen were cast in two
around the sea the oxen were cast in two
around the sea the oxen were cast in two rows when it was cast it stood on twelve
rows when it was cast it stood on twelve
rows when it was cast it stood on twelve oxen three looking toward the north
oxen three looking toward the north
oxen three looking toward the north three looking toward the west three
three looking toward the west three
three looking toward the west three looking toward the south and three
looking toward the south and three
looking toward the south and three looking toward the east the sea was set
looking toward the east the sea was set
looking toward the east the sea was set upon them and all their back paths
upon them and all their back paths
upon them and all their back paths pointed inward it was a handbreadth
pointed inward it was a handbreadth
pointed inward it was a handbreadth thick and its brim was shaped like the
thick and its brim was shaped like the
thick and its brim was shaped like the brim of a cup like a lily blossom
brim of a cup like a lily blossom
brim of a cup like a lily blossom it contained three thousand baths
it contained three thousand baths
it contained three thousand baths he also made ten Labour's and put five
he also made ten Labour's and put five
he also made ten Labour's and put five on the right side and five on the left
on the right side and five on the left
on the right side and five on the left two washing them such things as they
two washing them such things as they
two washing them such things as they offered for the burnt offering they
offered for the burnt offering they
offered for the burnt offering they would washing them
would washing them
would washing them but the see was for the priests to wash
but the see was for the priests to wash
but the see was for the priests to wash him and he made ten lampstands of gold
him and he made ten lampstands of gold
him and he made ten lampstands of gold according to their design and set them
according to their design and set them
according to their design and set them in the temple five on the right side and
in the temple five on the right side and
in the temple five on the right side and five on the left
five on the left
five on the left he also made ten tables and placed them
he also made ten tables and placed them
he also made ten tables and placed them in the temple five on the right side and
in the temple five on the right side and
in the temple five on the right side and five on the left and he made 100 bowls
five on the left and he made 100 bowls
five on the left and he made 100 bowls of gold furthermore he made the court of
of gold furthermore he made the court of
of gold furthermore he made the court of the priests and the great court and
the priests and the great court and
the priests and the great court and doors for the court and he overlaid
doors for the court and he overlaid
doors for the court and he overlaid these doors with bronze
these doors with bronze
these doors with bronze he set the see on the right side toward
he set the see on the right side toward
he set the see on the right side toward the southeast
the southeast
the southeast then Hurom made the pots and the shovels
then Hurom made the pots and the shovels
then Hurom made the pots and the shovels and the bowls so Hyrum finished doing
and the bowls so Hyrum finished doing
and the bowls so Hyrum finished doing the work that he was to do for King
the work that he was to do for King
the work that he was to do for King Solomon for the house of God the two
Solomon for the house of God the two
Solomon for the house of God the two pillars and the bowl shaped capitals
pillars and the bowl shaped capitals
pillars and the bowl shaped capitals abhar on top of the two pillars the two
abhar on top of the two pillars the two
abhar on top of the two pillars the two networks covering the two bowl shaped
networks covering the two bowl shaped
networks covering the two bowl shaped capitals which were on top of the
capitals which were on top of the
capitals which were on top of the pillars four hundred pomegranates for
pillars four hundred pomegranates for
pillars four hundred pomegranates for the two networks two rows of
the two networks two rows of
the two networks two rows of pomegranates for each network to cover
pomegranates for each network to cover
pomegranates for each network to cover the two bowl shaped capitals Arbor on
the two bowl shaped capitals Arbor on
the two bowl shaped capitals Arbor on the pillars he also made cuts and the
the pillars he also made cuts and the
the pillars he also made cuts and the laborers on the carts one sea and twelve
laborers on the carts one sea and twelve
laborers on the carts one sea and twelve oxen under it also the pots the shovels
oxen under it also the pots the shovels
oxen under it also the pots the shovels the forks and all their articles here on
the forks and all their articles here on
the forks and all their articles here on his master craftsman made of burnished
his master craftsman made of burnished
his master craftsman made of burnished bronze for King Solomon for the house of
bronze for King Solomon for the house of
bronze for King Solomon for the house of the Lord in the plain of Jordan the king
the Lord in the plain of Jordan the king
the Lord in the plain of Jordan the king had them cast in clay moulds between
had them cast in clay moulds between
had them cast in clay moulds between succoth and zarada and solomon had all
succoth and zarada and solomon had all
succoth and zarada and solomon had all these articles made in such great
these articles made in such great
these articles made in such great abundance that the weight of the bronze
abundance that the weight of the bronze
abundance that the weight of the bronze was not determined
was not determined
was not determined the solomon had all the furnishings made
the solomon had all the furnishings made
the solomon had all the furnishings made for the house of god the altar of gold
for the house of god the altar of gold
for the house of god the altar of gold and the tables on which was the
and the tables on which was the
and the tables on which was the showbread the lampstands were their
showbread the lampstands were their
showbread the lampstands were their lamps of pure gold to burn in the
lamps of pure gold to burn in the
lamps of pure gold to burn in the prescribed manner in front of the inner
prescribed manner in front of the inner
prescribed manner in front of the inner sanctuary with the flowers on the lamps
sanctuary with the flowers on the lamps
sanctuary with the flowers on the lamps and the wick trimmers of gold of purest
and the wick trimmers of gold of purest
and the wick trimmers of gold of purest gold the trimmers the bowls the ladles
gold the trimmers the bowls the ladles
gold the trimmers the bowls the ladles and the senses of pure gold as for the
and the senses of pure gold as for the
and the senses of pure gold as for the entry of the sanctuary its inner doors
entry of the sanctuary its inner doors
entry of the sanctuary its inner doors to the most holy place and the doors of
to the most holy place and the doors of
to the most holy place and the doors of the main hall of the temple were gold